~~Stick with the PB&J your mom packed you. You're really looking forward to those Hip Tunes.~~

Your mom was nice enough to pack you this lunch. It might not be anything fancy, but you can tell love went into it. She even took the time to cut the crusts of the sandwich for you.

Besides, you want to get *Hip Tunes For Fellow Kids* as soon as possible. It won't be the same if all your friends get to listen to it before you. That would be so uncool.

As you're sitting at your seat, eating your sandwich, your teacher from this morning's lecture, Mr. Body, is at the front of the class tidying up his things. He's an earnest, but unnoteworthy looking guy. What a weird name that dude has. If you didn't know any better, you'd think it was some kind of foreshadowing.

A couple of other instructors are nearby. Helga Hex is playing around with the projectors near the front of the class. Billy Binary is speaking to a group of students. And Danny Decrement, the cleaner, is taking out the trash near the entrance.

You finish your lunch and take a look at today's assignment. Some nonsense about an interactive story. Gag. Sounds like a chore to you, but you might as well get started.

Just as you're setting up your laptop, all the light's in the room go out. You hear the sounds of scuffling, and a startled scream. You leap under your desk to hide, unsure of what's happening.

A moment later, the lights come back on, and you're met with a grizzly sight. At the front of the class, lies Mr. Body, motionless! Gasp!

A man with a monocle and a large moustache run's into the room. He says, "Everybody stand back, I'm a doctor!" as he approaches the body. You wonder what a doctor's doing here.

Your thoughts are interrupted by the man's sudden pronouncement. He says, "I'm afraid this man is dead. And it looks like it was no accident. It was murder. Murder most foul!"

People around you gasp. Your classmate to your left suddenly faints. Another of your classmates sets to fanning him with a stack of papers, trying to bring him back to consciousness.

The doctor says, "Somebody in this room is a murderer. Nobody leaves until we find out who!"

DUN DUN DUN!

### Choice

1. [Get to work helping. Take a look around the room. Look for people and things that look suspicious or stand out. The sooner begun, the sooner done.](2a.md)
1. [To hell with this guy. You're pretty sure he's not even a real doctor, why does he get to tell everyone what to do. And besides, there's a murderer in this room! Time to peace the scene.](2b.md)
