~~Live in the moment, and get yourself a fish taco at the food truck. Carpe Diem, seize the fish.~~

Another day of the same old sandwich is just too much to take. Waiting one extra week to get *Hip Tunes For Fellow Kids* won't be so bad, you've already waited 6 months. Plus this would be a great chance to hang out with some of your buds from class.

You and a couple friends head over to the food trucks outside of Bitmaker and you get yourself a burrito. It's everything you dreamed it would be. The flavours! SOOOO much more exciting than that plain old sandwich. Best choice ever!

You spend a few minutes chatting with your pals, talking about your plans for the weekend. How you're gonna go to the mall and just hang out, get milkshakes, see the latest flick. The weather's beautiful. The sun is shining. The birds are singing. What a time to be alive.

Before you know it, an hour's gone by. You should really be getting back to Bitmaker. It's almost time for the afternoon session.
No doubt there's some silly assignment waiting for you.

You walk across the street to Bitmaker and try to open the door. But... what's this? The door is locked! Now why would the door be locked in the middle of the day? Pretty weird. You bang on the door for someone to let you in, and send a message on Slack, but after waiting for half an hour, no one comes to open the door.

One of your friends says, "Hey, maybe they closed up for the day for some reason? Why don't we just go home for today?"

Not a bad idea, you think. If its not meant to be, its not meant to be. Also, that burrito's not sitting too well. Come to think of it, you're feeling a little sick to your stomach. You decide to pack it in, say goodbye to your friends, and head off for home. There's always tomorrow, after all.

**THE END**
