~~To hell with this guy. You're pretty sure he's not even a real doctor, why does he get to tell everyone what to do. And besides, there's a murderer in this room! Time to peace the scene.~~

You start packing your stuff up without another word while everyone's distracted. No time to waste, you gotta get out of here before the killer strikes again! You quickly put everything in your bag, and head towards the door.

Someone runs up and blocks your way as you're on your way out. Its Helga Hex, one of the other instructors.

"Where do you think you're going?" she inquires angrily, "Very suspicious of you to just get up and try to leave like that in the middle of our investigation, don't you think?"

Uh oh, looks like there's a misunderstanding here. You start to explain yourself, but more people come running up, angrily agreeing with Helga. You're having trouble getting a word in with all the people yelling at you.

This is looking bad. Nobody seems interested in what you have to say, they're all already blaming you, saying this proves it. You stammer over your words as you try to explain yourself, but no one's listening.

You panic. In the back, you see someone sneering at you with murderous intent. You can't really make out who it is behind all the people, just a toothy, sadistic smile.

That must be the real murderer! They're coming for you! You yell, "You'll never take me alive!", and dive out the window behind you. But oops, you forgot you're not on the first floor! You fall, landing awkwardly, and feel your ankle twist to a crazy angle. The bone snaps with a sickening crunch.

Looks like you'll be taking a trip in an ambulance. But at least you escaped the murderer. Whether or not the others will find the true murderer remains to be seen.

**THE END**
