~~Accuse Billy, Helga, and Danny together~~

You yell, "Attention everyone! Can I get everyone's attention! I have a theory I'd like to share."

The room quiets down, and everyone turns to face you. You move to the front of the room, to share your deductions with the class. Reaching into your pocket, you find a children's bubble pipe. You're not sure why you have this, but it certainly adds to your Holmes-like mystique, so you go about smoking it.

"This was a real pickle to solve, but I believe what I'm about to share with you will crack this case wide open!" you say dramatically.

"Here we have the murder weapon," you say, pointing to the pipe, "And here, the poor victim," pointing to Mr. Body.

"Now, its not possible that someone in this room would be able to kill the lights, slay Mr. Body with this pipe, and turn the lights back on, all without drawing the attention of the students," you deduce, "Therefore, I believe that this is not just a simple murder, but a conspiracy!"

Gasps erupt from the crowd.

"The conspirators worked together to put an end to Mr. Body. And here's how I believe they accomplished this."

"Firstly, the easy part, the lights. Whoever turned off the lights must've already been close by to not draw attention to themselves. The only person standing near the lights at the time of the murder, and therefore the only person who could've tampered with the lighting without drawing attention to themselves, was none other than Danny Decrement!"

Gasps again.

"Second, the murder itself. Like the lights, the murderer must've been close by to strike with something like a lead pipe in the few moments the lights were off. Now, there are several who meet this criteria, but most of them were sitting at their desks. No way they could've risen, committed the act, and then reseated themselves in time. Which leaves us with one option, the only person nearby and already on their feet: Helga Hex!"

Gasps once more.

"Finally, while we know who handled the lights, and who did the deed itself, there's no way they could've done all this without being witnessed by anyone. After all, this room is full of people. No way, unless someone was running interference for them, keeping people distracted. Someone by the name of... Billy Binary!"

A final round of gasps. The conspirators look around guiltily.

You yell, "Police, take them away!"

A group of police officers who just happened to be nearby come running in, and arrest the suspects promptly, for some reason without conducting an investigation of their own.

Your classmates cheer your cleverness. What a smart cookie you are! Maybe if this coding thing doesn't work out, you can consider becoming a Private Investigator.

**THE END**
